docs(checkbox): add helperText and errorText section (#4028)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: static/usage/v8/checkbox/helper-error/angular/example_component_html.md

```html
<form [formGroup]="myForm" (ngSubmit)="onSubmit()">

>   <ion-checkbox formControlName="agree" helperText="This needs to be checked" errorText="This field is required">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <ion-checkbox formControlName="agree" helperText="Agree to the terms before continuing" errorText="You must agree to the terms to continue">
```
